- Create the project environment (Repository, Virtual environment, version control)
1. Business Understanding
    - Problem Statement
    - Goal and Objectives
    - Stakeholders
    - Key Metrics and Success Criteria
    - Hypothesis (Null and Alternate)
    - Analytical Questions
    - Scope and Constraints
    - More Information (If applicable)
2. Data Understanding
    1. Importation
    2. Load Dataset
    3. EDA
         1. Data Quality Assessment & Exploring data (Info, Duplicate, null values, describe)
         2. Univariate 
         3. Bi-variate
         4. Multi-variate Analysis
    4. Answer Analytical Questions with visualizations
    5. Test hypothesis
    6. Give your insights
3. Data Preparation
    1. Split data set into x,y
    2. Split data into training and evaluation
    3. Feature Engineering (Create New Features, (binning and bucketing), Handling Missing Data, Encoding, Standardization, Normalization, Scaling)
      a. Create a pipeline to preprocess the data
          1. Separate input features into numeric and categorical for different pipelines
          2. Handle missing values using imputation techniques
          3. Scaling or normalize numeric features
          4. Encode categorical features
          5. Transformations for skewed data (log, power, box-cox, custom etc)
          6. Balance dataset (depending on what you see)
    4. Encode label/target
4. Modeling
    1. Fit data to the pipeline and train a model
        a. Train model 1 - Distance based model
        b. Train model 2 - Gradient Descent model
        c. Train model 3 - Tree based model
        d. Train model 4 - Neural Network
5. Evaluation
   1. Advanced Model Ealuation an Visualization Model Performance: (ROC curves, AUC, precision-recall curves, and confusion matrix)
   2. Feature Importance and Selection
   3. Hyperparameter Tuning: (GridSearchCV, RandomizedSearchCV, or Bayesian optimization)
   4. Final model comparison and selection: (Consider trade-offs and choose most appropriate)
   5. Retrain Model with best parameters
   6. Business Impact Assessment and Documentation of the Model (How does what you choose affect the business)
   7. Model Persistance
6. Deployment (Not applicable in this project)
   1. Deployment Strategy
   2. Model Monitoring and Maintenance